Project Composition (#1584)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/actors.adoc

== Use an actor filter

[NOTE]
====

> Make sure you have added actor filters in project in the Extension view.

Reviewer: I suggest to give more details here, this sentence is not clear IMHO. 

```suggestion
To use actor filters in your processes, you first need to import the corresponding extensions from the xref:managing_extension_studio.adoc[extension view].
```

> To use actor filters in your processes, you first need to import the corresponding extensions from the xref:managing_extension_studio.adoc[extension view].

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10465851/123070538-24658700-d414-11eb-8a77-00e38ed1d257.png)

====

To specify an actor filter, click *_Set..._*, choose one of the predefined actor filters from the list, and follow the instructions in the wizard to configure the actor selector.

To change the configuration of an actor filter, select the actor filter, click *_Edit..._* and modify the information using the wizard.

> To delete an actor filter, select the actor filter and click the Erase icon. Note that this does not remove the actor filter from the list of predefined actor filters, just from the process definition.

Reviewer 2: The icon says "Delete", and not "Erase".
